---
title : Without Any Goal, Your effort may diffuse
date : 2024-07-28
categories : [Top, Sub]
tags : [tag]
---
WW30, I finished my survey function. First, users answer questions about their gender and age. Then, they take the survey about Bauman facial types. The responses are saved to a database, and the output is calculated using a weight function I set up beforehand. <br>

Today, I want to emphasize that without a clear goal, your efforts can be scattered, leading to no significant outcome despite all your hard work. When I was a university student, I tried to study Python, but I didn't have a specific goal in mind. I simply wanted to become a millionaire like Elon Musk, Bill Gates, or other successful entrepreneurs. I learned some programming skills in Python, but I didn't produce anything tangible for business. I learned like a student, not like a start-up founder. <br>

I believe start-ups grow quickly because they know exactly what they need to do and focus all their efforts and time on that goal. In the past, I spread my time and effort just learning skills without solving any specific problems. <br>

However, today I feel different. Reflecting on my past, I realize I lacked a clear goal. I was just following trends, and because these trends didn't ignite a strong drive in me, I failed. But now, with this skin type survey application, I have a clear plan for what to do after completing the program. This focus has allowed me to develop the application faster than before. <br>

I apologize if my sentences are a bit disorganized, but I will improve after August. Please keep following my progress! <br>
