---
title: The Reason Why I Do Not Drink
date: 2024-08-06
categories: [Top, Sub]
tags: [tag]
---

## The Reason Why I Do Not Drink

I love alcohol. My ultimate life goal is to make my own alcohol. However, on the path to achieving this goal, I realize that alcohol doesn’t help me. It weakens my resolve and makes it easier for me to get distracted by things like YouTube or other time-wasting activities.<br>

I’m not feeling well right now because I drank too much last Tuesday, and the consequences have lingered, making me unproductive this Monday. I’m starting to feel better now, but I’ve wasted almost 7 days. Living life the right way requires an immense amount of effort, even more than you might imagine. This is something JYP mentioned before, and I completely agree with it, especially after my recent experiences. Similarly, Trump advised his children not to do drugs (which are illegal in South Korea), not to smoke, not to drink, and not to get tattoos.<br>

Getting your life back on track demands a lot of effort and time, and during that recovery period, you lose valuable opportunities for a better future.<br>
As I mentioned earlier, I’m a huge lover of alcohol. But I think I need to set my own rules for drinking from today onward. My guideline is to limit myself to a maximum of 2 days a week and to drink only once on those days. Here’s the limit I’ll set:<br>
- **Wine**: 4 glasses or half a bottle<br>
- **Whiskey**: 2 glasses<br>
- **Soju**: 4 shots or half a bottle<br>
- **Beer**: 500ml or 1 bottle<br>

I can’t say with certainty that I’ll never drink again, but I think I need to follow this guideline starting now.
