---
title : Start Journey
date : 2024-07-25
categories : [Top, Sub]
tags : [tag]
---

Actually, I'm not very good at writing in English. I think I can speak with English speakers without any problem in everyday life, but not in business or more formal situations. Also, my writing skills aren't great. However, I think this challenge is good for both the writer (me) and the reader (you) because I can improve my English and writing skills. Readers can also follow my challenge to start something new. <br>

Before starting my journey into business, I'd like to briefly introduce my current situation. I work as a package engineer in the semiconductor industry. I graduated with a degree in mechanical engineering, so I have a background in engineering and some knowledge of Python programming. I believe that an average person could understand my level of expertise within six months. <br>

My goal is to emulate Peter Levels by launching one application per month. The specific KPI for this activity is that an application launch means being ready to show your friends an MVP (Minimum Viable Product). For August, my goal is to launch the "Bauman Facial Type Test" as a web app. My journey will involve using LLM models without a subscription initially. Once I make money from this project, I will subscribe to LLM models to boost my productivity. Additionally, I will post at least five blogs per week. <br>

So, by August 2024, my KPI is to launch the "Bauman Facial Type Test" web app and upload at least 25 blogs, since I am writing this entry on 07/27/2024.
