---
title:  Focus on Stable Thing
date: 2024-09-04
categories: [Top, Sub]
tags: [tag]
---

## Not Only Making But Also Think about Strategy

Today, it’s already September, and I plan to launch my product this month. I believe it’s ready for people to use and share their results with each other.<br>

At the same time, I worry that people might not use it or show interest in their skin type and skincare routine.<br>

Therefore, I will progress both the product and strategy simultaneously to avoid failure. This means not only studying front-end programming to build our skincare routine suggestion page but also planning how to adjust the weight of survey answers and determining the timing and rationale behind the release of each function.

### Tasks

* **Making:**
  * [August] Survey
  * [September] Routine Suggestion
  * [October] Personal Routine and Tracker ...
  
* **Planning Strategy:**
  * Modify weight for each question based on user results
  * Assess whether the feature is valuable for users and worth sharing
  * Understand the reasoning behind the feature release schedule


## Today Video : Focus on Stable Thing

This is interview from Jeff Bezos (https://www.youtube.com/shorts/KXGXU4ROy4o) <br>

I very frequently get the question. What's gonna change in the next 10 years? And that is interesting question and very common one.<br>

But I almost never get the question. **What's not going to change in the next 10 years.**<br>

And I submmit to you the second question is actually the more important of the two.<br>

Because when you build the business strategy around the things that are stable in the time. <br>

In a retail business, we know the customer want low prices. And I know it's gonna be truth next 10 years from now. <br>

They want the fast delivery. They want vast selection. <br>

It's impossible to imagine the future 10 years from now where a customer comes up to me and says "Jeff I love Amazon, I just wish prices were a little higher."<br>

You know how you "I love the Amazon, I just wish delivered little more slowly. Impossible!<br>

And so effort that we put those into things, spinning things up. We know that energy we put into it today, will still be paying dividends for our customer next 10 years from now.